So with that being said,
I'm gonna just remove all this cuz
I think it looks kind of ugly.
I'm gonna keep the nil, we're gonna
just keep it as returning a nil, okay?
Cool.
And with all that being said,
we are gonna do the majority of our
development in this single function,
in this new go CDK stack.
I'm gonna go ahead and uncomment this.
I'm gonna keep it, not delete it,
cuz we're gonna reference it when we first
deploy our very first resource,
which is gonna be a Lambda, okay?
Now all that,
I want us to go into our terminal and
I want you to make a new
directory called Lambda.
I want you to cd into Lambda,
I'm gonna do a go mod in it.
Go mod in it, and
you can call this whatever you want,
I'm gonna call mine Lambda dash func,
okay?
You can see here on your Lambda directory,
this new go dot mod file.
We already know what these are.
I'm gonna inside that Lambda
directory we're gonna touch main.go.
There you go.
All right?
And like we've already practiced
package main, func main.
Create a skeleton for us, right?
So what is this?
What is this directory?
Well, this is basically our back end.
This Lambda directory is
where we're gonna house and
define all the backend logic that we're
going to need for our application, okay?
And this is gonna be then packaged and
zipped and
deployed to our Lambda function.
All right, so let's see.
What I would like to
actually start with is,
Let's go ahead and talk about what
is a Lambda in the first place.
So what is an AWS Lambda?
I've said this maybe a few times now.
I haven't really given it the justice
of explaining what it is, but
an AWS Lambda is a serverless compute
service that triggers two events, okay?
It automatically manages a lot of
things first, like computing, scaling,
and all those kind of details.
So when I say serverless,
do I mean there's a new hidden
technology concept that you can
run code without on a server?
No, because it's still on
a server that's own a AWS, but
it goes even further than that.
Serverless basically means it's
abstracting a lot of the server
management core principles that you
would have to be responsible for
in a server-based architecture.
So talking to a few of you, we've had
maybe like digital ocean droplets,
we've had our own Linux kinda box
that we've deployed code to, etc.
We have to manage a lot of
the stuff there, right?
Like scaling, Nginx,
all this stuff we kind of have
to manage when we have
a server-based architecture, right?
It's more than just deploy code, there's
a little bit more granularity there.
In serverless, you don't have to worry
about that serverless scales for you.
And why that's important is like most
of our applications, we have no users,
all right?
So it doesn't really matter.
But let's say one day you have
something deployed in a server-based
architecture and it pops off.
It goes from zero users to 1,000,10,000,
where you did not facilitate your
architecture to handle that traffic.
So what happens?
Well, now you risk that your users
are gonna have a poor experience.
They might even hit your code.
You might have panics, you might
have stuff that just doesn't run.
Serverless, you never have to kind
of think of the concept of scaling,
because the way serverless works and
the way a Lambda works,
it only runs when it's invoked,
and it handles the scaling for us.
Server-based architecture, you basically
have something running all the time.
Unless by design, choose to run it down,
or spin it back up.
Typically, it's constantly running.
It's a server deployed somewhere, that's
doing some logic all the time, 24/7.
Server list, that's not the case.
Serverless architecture
basically drops down to,
it's just a function that's invoked.
That's all it is.
And these invocations can come
from S3 events, DynamoDB events,
things called Kinesis, SNS events,
or just users invoking the endpoint.
And once that endpoint is invoked,
that's when it starts to function, okay?
So it speeds everything
up in calls to function.
That's all AWS Lambda is in a nutshell,
okay?
And there's pros and cons to this.
I'm not here to tell you server list
based architecture is the way to go.
Yes.
Not having to worry about scaling and
all these other things is very nice, but
there comes at a cost, a literal cost.
Lambda itself are very cheap.
You, me, all of us,
we're gonna be doing this, we're not even,
it's gonna be a fraction of a penny, okay?
But again, if we use the example we
scaled from one user to a 1,000,
10,000 invocations,
our bill will also go up.
So there's pros and
cons to this to how you wanna develop and
deploy your infrastructure.
Surveys have its pros and cons,
serverless has their pros and cons, okay?
And then our Lambda here after
executing that function,
has the capability of doing anything
else in either AWS or wherever, right?
It's just a function.
So we can access different services in
our example to access DynamoDB, right?
So we're gonna use our Lambda function,
it's gonna be invoked,
it's gonna do some logic, and
it's gonna invoke our DynamoDB here.
So the less deployments are a little
more manageable in a sense.
Again, if you use VS code, they use ad
with Lambdas in their pipelines as well.